and welcome today we'll be working on
these sunflower cookies and let's get
right to it I've got a relatively large
piping tip I think it was a number three
and my piping bag some yellow and gold
colored icing and now I'm just outlining
each petal I want to create a little bit
of a textured look to each pedal I don't
want them to be flat like normally you
would just outline and flood the pedal
this time I just want to do lines and
you'll see it gives a nice kind of
roughly looking petal more realistic I
did my first row of lines on my petals I
let it crust and now I'm coming in and
doing another pass the same thing except
i'm just laying them on top of the first
row of lines and you see it's creating a
little bit of a textured effect on the
pedals and i'm going again to let this
crust and now come in with the section
in the middle
now I'm working on the center of my
flower about some electric green and I'm
dropping in some orange in the wet icing
and then I'm dropping some yellow icing
in the middle of that once i was done
this I decided to airbrush the edge of
my petals towards the center there I
thought it was missing a little
something and now when I come in with
those dots they stand out a little bit
more so I just did a border of dots all
the way around my green circle leaving a
space in between to be able to come in
with some brown later and then just a
bunch of little dots all over the place
I just wanted it to look kind of more
textured and less flat as far as my
design goes how to give my flowers a
little bit more of a frozen fever feel
to them I'm adding some white icing
which I will be dunking in sanding sugar
and there we have it some frosted
cookies perfect if you want to add a
little bit more color to the frozen
parties they're all pretty much blue and
white this is a nice way to add a little
bit of yellow thanks so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed today's
tutorial and I'll see you next time